hello YouTube a lot of people are having
problems with this lately trying to open
cinema 4d and this is what happens this
error comes up application error more
information can be found under Yap under
your user so I'm actually going to show
you how to do it without doing in 256
colors which is horrible okay so we have
to do first is type in device in the
start menu device manager right here
look for display adapters click this
little tab beside it HD graphic family I
want you to disable that yes so now this
big ugly screen will come up and with
this tool thing don't cancel out of it
just minimize it because we're going to
use it for later and then now you're
able to open send them a 4 d.c works
fine and everything okay now it's all
fat and ugly and no no one likes it so I
want you to go back to HD graphics
family enable it enable it and there you
go everything's fine everything's just
like you want it not fat and ugly and
your back boards not flat background so
if this helped you out you know
subscribe like comment if you have any
trouble comment hope you liked my video
just a short little tutorial on how to
fix your cinema 4d I really hope to
cinema 4d makers will fix this but until
then use this technique and you know
have fun making your graphics piece